Add docusaurus (#107)
iotaledger/tips: CONTRIBUTE.md

> **Note**
> This guide is meant for local development and contributing to the repository only, for guidance on the TIPs process and how to propose Tangle improvements, please see the [README](README.md)

# Documentation

> The TIPs online documentation is built using [Docusaurus 2](https://docusaurus.io/). The deployment is done through a centralized build from [IOTA WIKI](https://github.com/iota-community/iota-wiki). To run a local instance the [IOTA WIKI CLI](https://github.com/iota-community/iota-wiki-cli) is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TIPs online documentation is built using [Docusaurus 2](https://docusaurus.io/). The deployment is done through a centralized build from [IOTA WIKI](https://github.com/iota-wiki/iota-wiki). To run a local instance, the [IOTA WIKI CLI](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@iota-wiki/cli) is used.
```

Author: Could you fix this in our template too? (We now need to update it anyway 😅)
